"Love has nothing to do with what you are expecting to get–only with what you are expecting to give–which is everything." –Katharine Hepburn
"Where there is love there is life." –Mahatma Gandhi
"Whatever our souls are made of, his and mine are the same." –Emily Brontë
"It is a curious thought, but it is only when you see people looking ridiculous that you realize just how much you love them." –Agatha Christie
"The greatest happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved; loved for ourselves, or rather, loved in spite of ourselves." –Victor Hugo
"In love there are two things– bodies and words." –Joyce Carol Oates
"Love makes your soul crawl out from its hiding place." –Zora Neale Hurston
"There is always madness in love. But there is also always some reason in madness." –Friedrich Nietzsche
"Nobody has ever measured, even poets, how much a heart can hold." –Zelda Fitzgerald
"Have enough courage to trust love one more time and always one more time." –Maya Angelou
"Love does not consist in gazing at each other, but in looking outward together in the same direction." –Antoine de Saint-Exupéry
"Love is a fire. But whether it is going to warm your hearth or burn down your house, you can never tell." –Joan Crawford
"I love her and it is the beginning of everything." –F. Scott Fitzgerald
"When you realize you want to spend the rest of your life with somebody, you want the rest of your life to start as soon as possible." –Nora Ephron
"Never love anyone who treats you like you're ordinary." –Oscar Wilde
"Lots of people want to ride with you in the limo, but what you want is someone who will take the bus with you when the limo breaks down." — Oprah Winfrey
"Love is something sent from heaven to worry the hell out of you." — Dolly Parton
“There is nothing I would not do for those who are really my friends. I have no notion of loving people by halves; it is not my nature.” — Jane Austen
"Love is an irresistible desire to be irresistibly desired." — Robert Frost
"The giving of love is an education in itself." — Eleanor Roosevelt

